So in the previous video, we have talked about the total money earned by getting it and updating you
now.
We will discuss about that total money spent, like if a score will pay to the teachers.
We have to return it via function.
Total money spent.
So let's write it.
So the total money spent is return through this function returns.
Total money spent by the school.
Yes.
So this returns the total money spent by the school for paying the salaries of teachers or anything
like school.
Now suppose if school earns twenty thousand and the salary of a teacher is seven bucks.
So if the school pays 700 to the teacher, what will be the fund left with the school?
So it would be like the thousand minus seven hundred, and this equals No.
Thirteen hundred bucks.
So this fine does the calculation for that only public static void update total money spent.
So this update, the money spent.
Yes.
So.
Explaining this.
Subtraction, fun like suppose, initially, the total money earned by this spent by the school was
zero.
So the total money earned would be like.
Oh, here it is spent.
So, yes, I suppose initially that total money spent was zero, so it resulted in suppose that the
total money spent is zero zero is equal to.
Zero, minus seven, 700.
Or we can assume that in the beginning, the school has spent nothing but when the school has earned
a fund of 2000, Bucks School has now 2000 those spent.
So it would be like 2000 minus the argument past that is money spent.
Suppose we have spent seven hundred, so the output for this variable will be today.
This is like.
Subtracting the money spent and what is left with the school.
So guess it would become thirteen hundred.
The variable will be updated retail value of putting.
Yes.
So in this way, we can construct this class of school with our teacher student.
Total money and total money spent throughout.
Now we have successfully completed this school class.
Moving forward towards the middle class, this is the means by responsible for running our school funds
management system.
So let's begin with this.
So this main class is responsible for testing and running this program.
So initializing it as a means function, passing a strong argument.
Let us declare a feature object.
Let us create a teacher led her class and then talk.
Yes.
And there's a new feature.
We are adding the teacher to the dataset.
Yes.
And.
Yes, as far as I did not pass anything to this nature object, it is asking me for an I.D. string name
and the salary.
Yes.
So get the.
As far you declared a teacher of the year, it will ask you for these variables until you do not declare
it.
They will keep asking for it and showing and ever, so let us give her to it.
One.
Name hot as Samantha.
And sat Saturday off, I think about five a.m..
Yes, fine.
Now let us have a new teacher to.
I will copy that data from here and paste it.
So they did her two times.
I'm going to get two more pictures, so named the seven second teachers.
Like Marla.
Yes.
So the second teacher is Marla, her ideas to.
The string of name ups and the salary support she gets.
Nine thousand she is an experienced due to.
The third one is so they've.
Yes.
So the third feature is currently they is free, as we haven't called it anywhere in the program.
When we will call this, the color will automatically change, so name the teacher, said the I.D. and.
The expected salary for the third one is supposed six thousand.
OK.
Now, in the similar way, we are going to a few students to this main class support student, one name
her thumb on.
Yes.
So we have declared the objects to then name that object, someone suppose the student is new.
So new students and in a similar way, it is asking for ID name in the face of repeat.
So yes, the I.D. for the minor is, suppose one.
Name is.
Demonized in inside a string quartet.
I mean, and the grain, suppose she scored 40 out of 100.
She may improve it later and not let me copy the student that evil to Ms.
Same as the teacher and named the second student.
Or should we name her?
Suppose she's proud.
Yes.
The string to her name and the new.
So Bush scored 70 on Sunday.
That third one is.
Jonah?
Yes.
So, yeah, I forgot the gene, daddy.
This, too.
I do for the days three.
String to her name.
And.
Good for you, that could be marked.
50, we can see that, yes.
So we have successfully created three new teachers and students, no way to store them.
Our question arrives in your mind.
So go to the previous part and.
Remember when we talked about adding, like we talked about adding this there, remember?
Yes.
So had the use of analyst arises?
The significance of fairness is felt here.
Now creating a list or teacher as we want to add teacher, right?
So, yes.
We created a list name, a journalist, yeah.
Naming future list, you can name linked, whatever anyone to name.
So yes.
Now, no analyst displayed it, at least.
Yes.
So you can see that the Arab list is important automatically.
So that at least for teacher is created now.
We will add features to this ad in this.
Now that soon Texas's feature is not like memorizing numbers in their demo, Phi Phi 16 and so on.
So we will have teachers in the same room and someone tied to the list and my to the list and then lost
list and Marla.
Marla and the third one.
A journalist starts and must do.
Yes.
So the teachers have successfully added to the list, or at least you can see now in a similar way.
We will add students to that list.
So after successfully adding students and teachers to the list now, how do we have to create a school
that their teachers and students will consist?
So let us name this school as ABC and this school contains the journalist and student list, which we
made earlier.
Now we have to check whether the.
This function is running properly or not.
So let us say this out that the school has done what what the school has done in the beginning.
So I want to run.
I'm expecting up zero output as nobody has raised enough fees or nobody is credited with the salaries.
So.
On running.
Yes.
So the school has to be perfect.
So, yes.
In the beginning, some money on why the school is zero.
So let us add something to the fund the box.
It's like the now dog.
Base fees.
And it is what free shipping.
Suppose he paid sixty thousand.
Soyuz.
So firstly, we have to create this basis in the student body.
Like if the student fees Duffy, what changes are there?
So yes, when a student pays fees, we have created a function for it.
This updates like like we specified this day, the fees of student suppose.
The total fees for a year is thirty thousand.
And student pays twenty thousand in the beginning, so the amount left to be paid is thirty thousand
minus twenty thousand.
So yes, we have created this pay fees function here.
Now getting back to this, I hope now this.
Yes.
So now after running this, so running this function.
Mr Tracey, then I'll put off the fees paid by someone, which will be the fees earned by the school.
Soyuz perfect school has on rupees sixty thousand students.
The money has been Ducey's, and it is added to the total money earned by the school.
So, yes, that's all for this in the next review.
We will talk about adding more features and more funds to the school.